Create consistent URL structure for EFM and MKT (#3256)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/efm/4/supported_platforms.mdx

---
title: "Supported platforms"
---

> For information about the platforms and versions supported by PEM, see [Platform Compatibility](https://www.enterprisedb.com/platform-compatibility#pem).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the platforms and versions supported by Failover Manager, see [Platform Compatibility](https://www.enterprisedb.com/platform-compatibility#efm).
```
